d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Wilson_oficial.Droid.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ObjectModel.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Globalization.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
d:\wilson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apollo Dictionary\Wilson_oficial\Wilson_oficial.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
